The mayor of Antwerp is Bart De Wever.
Philippe of Belgium is the leader of Belgium.
The runway length of Angola International Airport is 3800.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 metres above sea level.
Al Anderson (NRBQ) is a singer.
Alison O'Donnell's record label is Static Caravan Recordings.
Allen Forrest was born in 1981.
Ahmet Ertegun started out as a non performing personnel.
Alan Shepard was the Chief of the Astronaut Office.
The league FC Tom Tomsk plays in the Russian Football National League.
Akeem Adams club is Ferencvárosi TC.
The leader of Brandon (Manitoba) is Larry Maguire.
Alex Tyus had been drafted in 2011.
Paul Ryan is the leader of the United States.
Narendra Modi leads India.
Marriott International is based in Bethesda (Maryland).
110 Lydia has a rotation period of 39332.9.
(410777) 2009 FD was discovered by Spacewatch.
There are 14.2 square kilometers of water in Abilene (Texas).
In Albuquerque (New Mexico), the leader is called, the United States House of Representatives.
Alpharetta is in the United States.
Marv Wolfman is a recipient of the Eagle Award.
Aurakles is also known as ''Aurakles''.
Felipe Gozon is the key person of GMA New Media.
Max Benedict died in London.
A lemon is included in the order of Sapindales.
Ilocano people are an ethnic group from the Philippines.
Susana Díaz is a leader of Andalusia.
The maiden flight of the Antares rocket was on April 21st, 2013.
General Dynamics Electric Boat are located in the city of Groton (Connecticut).
The American submarine NR-1 is 45000 millimetres long.
The ALCO RS-3 has a four-stroke engine.
Ahmet Davutoğlu is a leader of Turkey.
Wharton Tiers is the producer of Take it Off!.
Juan Perón was a member of the Labour Party in Argentina.
Alvah Sabin worked as the secretary of State of Vermont.
Allan Shivers started his active career on July 11th 1949.
Airey Neave dies at Westminster Hospital, London.
Humboldt University is Darinka Dentcheva's alma mater.
Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is located in Alagoas.
Dave Challinor is affiliated with Tranmere Rovers F.C.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) has the nickname "Lucky Ajax".
The Federal Chancellor of Switzerland helps to lead the country.
A.T. Charlie Johnson did his PhD under the supervision of Michael Tinkham.
The novel 1634: The Ram Rebellion is 512 pages long.
British people live in the United Kingdom.
The surface type of the 497 long runway at Alderney Airport is poaceae.
Angola International Airport serves Luanda and it is 4000 in length.
The Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, its runway length is 1873.
Andra began her Pop music singing career in 2000.
Universal Music Group's, Philips Records, is the label of Agustín Barboza.
Allen Forrest is an exponent of Pop music, which when part of fusion genre, is what Disco music is.
Leader, Joe Biden, and Buzz Aldrin are both American.
Adam McQuaid's draft team is the Columbus Blue Jackets in Columbus (Ohio).
Born on August 25, 1987, Piotr Hallmann was 175.26 cm tall.
A.S. Roma play in the Serie A league and Alessio Romagnoli played for their youth team.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, which is led by Joe Biden.
Adisham Hall whose architectural style is Tudor and Jacabian is located in Haputale.
11264 Claudiomaccone has the epoch date of 26 November 2005 and a rotation period of 11473.9.
James Craig Watson's Alma mater is the University of Michigan and he discovered 101 Helena.
The total area of Albuquerque is 490.9 square kilometres and the city is led by the New Mexico House of Representatives.
Antioch (California) is part of Contra Costa County in California state.
Alpharetta is located within the United States, where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
The character Bolt was created by Dan Mishkin and Gary Cohn.
Hypermarcas is a drug maker in the pharmaceutical industry.
Directed by Cyril Bruce, McVeagh of the South Seas stars actor Harry Carey (actor), who was born in eighteen seventy-eight.
Olive oil is an ingredient used in the preparation of Arrabbiata sauce, a dish from Rome.
Asam pedas is a food from Malaysia where the leader is Najib Razak.
Bacon Explosion is from the Kansas City metropolitan area and contains bacon.
AIDAstella is a Sphinx-class cruise ship 253260 millimetres in length.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by the American Locomotive Company and has a diesel-electric transmission.
The Antares rocket is comparable with the Delta II and was launched at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
Franklin County (Pennsylvania) is found to the west of Adams County (Pennsylvania), where the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located.
Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes, which was recorded in San Francisco, was preceded by the album Squeeze.
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam and belongs to the Christian Democratic Appeal party.
Airey Neave was in World War II and began his career on March 4th 1974.
Alfred Moore Scales lives in the United States, where Native Americans are an ethnic group.
Nurhan Atasoy, born in Reşadiye, has been awarded the State Award for Superior Achievement.
A.F.C. Blackpool has 1500 members and play at their ground, Jepson Way.
AFC Ajax (amateurs)'s ground, Sportpark De Toekomst, is operated by AFC Ajax.
The University of Burgundy has a total of 16800 undergraduate students and 2900 members of staff.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where the capital city is Washington, D.C.
AIP Advances, abbreviated to "AIP Adv.", has a CODEN code of "AAIDBI".
A Wizard of Mars is published in English, the language that is spoken in Great Britain.
Afonso Pena International Airport is located in São José dos Pinhais; its runway name is 15/33 and it is 1800 metres long.
The main airport in Texas, United States, is Andrews County Airport. English is the primary language here.
Appleton International Airport is located in Appleton (Wisconsin) which is a part of Kimberly (Wisconsin) and Grand Chute.
Liselotte Grschebina was born in Karlsruhe on May 2nd, 1908, and died on June 14th, 1994.
Andrew Rayel's musical genre is Trance and he is associated with Bobina and Jwaydan Moyine.
Alan Frew performs rock music, a style that originated from blues and country.
Elliot See, born July 23 1927 in Dallas, has died.
Aleksandr Chumakov was born in the Soviet Union and plays for the Soviet Union national football team. The club Aleksandr Chumakov plays for is FC Torpedo Moscow.
Iraqi born, Alaa Abdul-Zahra, is a member of the clubs, AL Kharaitiyat SC and Sanat Mes Kerman F.C.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. was born in Tampere on 1995-09-02 and he plays for the Florida Panthers.
11 Diagonal Street is in South Africa. Cape Town is the capital city and its leader is Jacob Zuma.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture, Japan and has an ethnic group of Koreans.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, United States, and Susana Mendoza is the leader.
1147 Stavropolis, discovered on June 11, 1929, has an apoapsis of 418476000000 and an orbital period of 1249.6 days.
101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson, a Canadian, whose alma mater was the University of Michigan.
Abilene (Texas) is part of Taylor County (Texas) in the United States, where the capital is Washington, D.C.
Albuquerque is a city in the United States and is led by the New Mexico Senate where John Sánchez is leader.
The Americans are people living in the United States and include the ethnic group of African Americans. The country is the location of Albuquerque.
The comic character, Dane Whitman Black Knight was created by Roy Thomas and John Buscema, who is from the United States.
AmeriGas, classified as the energy industry, works and serves in the United States.
John Mills had a main role in the 1956 film It's Great to Be Young, starring alongside Cecil Parker. Mills died in Denham (Buckinghamshire).
Ice cream is a dessert, as is Bionico which contains raisins.
African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States whose leader is Barack Obama. The Bacon Explosion comes from that country.
Bionico is a dessert containing sour cream from Mexico.
Part of Colombian cuisine, Bandeja paisa, which has kidney beans as one of the ingredients, comes from Antioquia Department area.
The ALV X-1 originated in the United States where the people are called Americans and include the ethnic group of White Americans.
Ducati is a subsidiary of Audi, who make the Audi A1. The company Audi was founded by August Horch.
AIDA Cruises is the owner of the 252000 millimetres long, AIDAluna, which was built by Meyer Werft.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument, a contributing property, is located in Adams County (Pennsylvania) which is east to the Franklin County (Pennsylvania).
Mermaid is a pop rock song by Train. It is 3.16 minutes long.
Born in Athens, Adonis Georgiadis, was in office while the Prime Minister was Antonis Samaras, who was in office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister.
Alvah Sabin was born on 23.10.1793 and was a member of the Whig Party of the United States led by Daniel Webster.
Rear Admiral, Alberto Teisaire, was born in Mendoza (Argentina), and succeeded by, Isaac Rojas.
Olga Bondareva was born on April 27th, 1937, in Leningrad, which was then part of the USSR. Her given name at birth was "Olga Nikolaevna Bondareva".
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where Pietro Grasso is the leader and the capital city is Rome.
The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is the home ground of AEK Athens F.C. who compete in the Superleague Greece. The club has 69618 members.
B.M. Reddy is the president of the Acharya Institute of Technology, which is located in Bangalore, India.
Aenir is written by Australians in English and followed Above the Veil.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica, abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol. Pol., comes under the academic discipline of paleontology and has a CODEN code of APGPAC.
Harvard University is the alma mater of A.T. Charlie Johnson, who is the editor of AIP Advances, published by American Institute of Physics.
