Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh, Awadh, and is located at 167.94 metres above sea level.
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene in Texas. Its runway is 2194 feet and is 546 m above sea level.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan in the United States. It has a runway length of 1533.0.
The runway length of Alpena County Regional Airport is 1,533 and it is located at Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan, United States.
Former The Wildweeds member, Al Anderson, is the guitarist in the band NRBQ, which plays Rock music.
Agustin Barboza was born in Paraguay and died in Asuncion, Gran Asunción.
Aaron Deer from Indianapolis, United States is a Psychedelic music artiste.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay, where the leader is Raul Fernando Sendic Rodriguez. He died in Montevideo.
Aaron Deer is a singer with a musical genre of Indie Rock. The stylistic origin of Indie Rock is new wave music.
Alan Shepard, from New Hampshire, received his M.A. from NWC in 1957.
Alan Shepard who died in California was born in New Hampshire and was selected by NASA in 1959.
Alan Shepard who was born on Nov 18, 1923 in New Hampshire was selected by NASA in 1959.
Elliot See was born in Dallas, Collin County, Texas.
Akeem Ayers, who was number 39 in the draft pick, is currently a member of the Los Angeles Rams, having previously played with the New England Patriots.
Akeem Ayers was born on July 10th, 1989 and he used to play for the St. Louis Rams.
Akeem Ayers former team is the Los Angeles Rams who are based at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum in LA.
Piotr Hallmann is 175.26 cm tall and weighs 70.308 kg.
Aaron Hunt's youth club was Goslarer SC 08 and he has played for Hamburger SV and SV Werder Bremen II.
Gdynia, Poland follows the Central European Summer Time timezone.
The 3Arena is located in Dublin, Leinster, and is owned by Live Nation Entertainment.
11 Diagonal Street is in South Africa where the leader is Jacob Zuma An ethnic group found there are white South Africans.
Joe Biden is the leader of the United States where the native language is English and the 250 Delaware Avenue is also located there.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, the capital of which is Cape Town.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds constructed in 1913 is located at Pacific Grove, California and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February the 27nd 1987.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India where the leader is Sumitra Mahajan.
1089 Tama has an escape velocity of 0.0068 kilometres per second, a temperature of 179 kelvins and an apoapsis of 373513000.0 kilometres.
1147 Stavropolis, an asteroid, discovered on 11 June 1929 with absolute magnitude of 11.5, has an apoapsis of 418476000000.0 AU.
Stavropolis 1147 is an asteroid and has an apoapsis of 418476000000.0 AU and a rotation period of 20378.5. Its epoch is 31 July 2016 (JD2457600.5), its orbital period is 1249.6 and its periapsis is 260855000000.0.
(19255) 1994 VK8 has an average speed of 4.56 km per second. It has a density of 2.0 grams per cubic centimetre and an apoapsis of 6603633000.0 km.
Amarillo is part of Potter County and Randall County in Texas in the U.S.
Anderson is part of Madison County, Indiana in the U.S.
Anaheim, California in the U.S. is led by the California State Assembly.
The United States uses the English language, includes the ethnic group of African Americans and is the location of Albany, Oregon.
Austin is part of Hays County, Texas and the states largest city is Houston.
Atlantic City is in Atlantic County, New Jersey in the United States. Washington, D.C. is the capital of the U.S.
Atlanta is located in the United States (capital: Washington D.C.) and African Americans are an ethnic group in the country.
Anaheim is part of California in the US and is led by the California State Assembly.
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where Angola is part of the state of Indiana.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States, where you will find Amarillo, which is part of Potter County in Texas.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is in the United States. The largest city in New Jersey is Newark.
The comic book character Auron, full name Lambien was created by Karl Kesel and Walt Simonson.
Marv Wolfman and Karl Kesel are the creators of the comic character Auron, whose full name is Lambien.
Trane is in the building materials industry producing building management systems. One of the products offered by Trane is HVAC.
Chinabank is a bank with 5594 employees that was founded on Aug. 16, 1920.
Trane, a company founded on 1913-01-01 in Ireland, has an operating income of 875.4 million USD.
Justin Whalin's job is a presenter.
Super Capers is a 98 minutes English movie that was distributed by Roadside Attractions and Lionsgate. It was directed by Ray Griggs and edited by Stacy Katzman. The budget was $2,000,000.
The duration of the film 'It's great to be young', from 1956, is 94 minutes.
Distributor of the movie Super Capers is Roadside Attractions.
Justin Whalin was born in San Francisco.
John Mills had a main role in the movie It's Great to Be Young which has taken 282,838 pounds at the box office.
Max Benedict died in London.
Bionico (contains raisins) is a food served at the dessert course found in Mexico. The currency in Mexico is the Mexican peso inhabited by the Mexicans.
Arrabbiata sauce, a traditional dish from Rome in Italy, has chili pepper as one of its important ingredients.
Bacon explosion which contains bacon and sausage is a dish found in the United States.
Mexico inhabited by Mexicans with peso as its currency has Silvano Aureoles Conejo as one of its leaders. Bionico is served as a dessert in Mexico and comes from Guadalajara. It has chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins as its main ingredients.
Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy, where the language is Italian and Pietro Grasso is the leader.
The United States is the country of Bacon Explosion. Barack Obama is the leader and Washington D.C. is the capital.
A dish served for dessert, Bionico requires granola as one of its ingredients. It can also have honey added to it.
In the region of Jalisco, Mexico, there is a food dish served for dessert called Bionico.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built at the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Finland where the leader is Juha Sipila.
AIDAstella, which was built by Meyer Werft and is 253260.0 millimetres in length is operated by AIDA Cruises.
The Ariane 5 was launched at ELA-3 which is located at the Guiana Space Centre whose headquarters are at Kourou in French Guiana.
The AIDAstella, operated by Rostock's AIDA Cruises, is owned by Costa Crociere.
AIDA Cruises (located in Germany) is the owner of the AIDAluna which is powered by Caterpillar Inc.
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial which is located in Azerbaijan. The official title of the leader of that country is the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan.
Charlie Colin is a former band mate of the band Train.
The Year of No Light album Nord is in the sludge metal genre, one variety of which is southern sludge.
Baroque pop is a fusion genre which includes some elements of pop rock, an example of which is the Train song by Mermaid .
The compilation album Andy Warhol's Velvet Underground Featuring Nico was followed by The Velvet Underground album Squeeze, which was followed by The Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes, recorded through Polydor Records in London.
The pop rock song Mermaid by the band Train was released under the record label Columbia Records.
Pop rock is the genre of the band Train.
The Velvet Underground had created the album Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes, which was produced by The Velvet Underground and recorded in the United States.
The Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes by Velvet Underground, a rock music genre, was released on October, 16, 2001 by Universal Music Group and Polydor Records.The Quine Tapes was preceded by Squeeze by The Velvet Underground.
Year of No Light made an album called Nord, which was released by the record label Crucial blast.
The Train song Mermaid belongs to the genre of pop rock, which was followed by the release of Imagine by John Lennon was also followed by Happy Xmas (War Is Over).
The reggae music genre song Mermaid by Train was written by Espen Lind and preceded by the song This'll be my year. The song Mermaid was released on 2012-12-27.
In the United States, one of the national ethnic groups are the African Americans. The United States is where Abraham A. Ribicoff, who was married to Casey Ribicoff, died.
Airey Neave fought in World War II which included the East African Campaign and had Benito Mussolini as a commander.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in the United States and died in the New Mexico Territory. An ethnic group in the U.S.A. are African Americans.
The battle of Fredericksburg, in which Alfred Moore Scales participated, was part of the American Civil War military conflict during which Jefferson Davis was a commander.
John Major was a commander of the Gulf War in which Adam Holloway of the Grenadier Guards participated.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, New York City and died in the United States.
Allan Shivers served in the Democratic Party in the U.S and was Lieutenant Governor of Texas. Price Daniel was his successor.
Lady Anne Monson was born in Darlington on January 1, 1726, and died on February 18, 1776.
Darinka Dentcheva's professional field is Mathematical optimization and is particularly known for stochastic programming.
Brandon Carter who was born in England, graduated from the University of Cambridge and developed General Relativity as his profession. His doctoral advisor was Dennis William Sciama.
Lady Anne Monson works in the professional field of Botany and is married to George Monson. She is of the English nationality but currently resides in India.
Brandon Carter born in England attended University of Cambridge whose vice chancellor is Leszek Borysiewicz.
The leader's title in India is "President."
Lady Anne Monson lived in the Kingdom of England and held British nationality but resided in India for most of her life. Pranab Mukherjee is the leader of India, which has a total area of 32875900000000.
Darinka Dentcheva is a resident of New Jersey, a state in the United States, which uses federalism as its type of governing system.
Association Football Club Fylde (abbreviated to AFC Fylde) has 3180 members and its ground is in Lancashire.
AEK Athens F.C. ground is in Athens, they have 69618 members and they compete in the Superleague Greece.
The manager of FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel who also plays for 1. FC Lokomotive Leipzig and SV Babelsberg 03.
AFC Fylde has the full name "Association Football Club Fylde," they have 3180 members and their ground is located in Warton, Fylde.
AFC Ajax (amateurs)'s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst of which both Ajax Youth Academy and Jong Ajax are tenants.
The full name of A.S. Arapiraquense is "Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense". The club has 17000 members and competed in the 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série C.
The All India Council for Technical Education which is located in Mumbai gave Technical Campus status to the Acharya Institute of Technology. The institute is based in Bangalore, a city founded by Kempe Gowda I, its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar and it is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University and its campus address is: Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is in Soldevanahalli, its address is Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum.
Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore is affiliated to Visvesvaraya Technological University and its president is B.M. Reddy.
The Acharya Institute of Technology has been given the status of Technical Campus by All India Council for Technical Education, which is located in Mumbai. The Institute's director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar. It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University and has about 700 post graduate students. The campus address for the Acharya Institute of Technology is: Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090.
In print, A Loyal Character Dancer was penned by Qiu Xiaolong and has the OCLC number 49805501.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where there are many Asian Americans and the leader is Barack Obama.
English is spoken in Great Britain and the US. The US is where "A Wizard of Mars" was published.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in the English language and it comes from the U.S., where there is and ethnic group of African Americans.
The ACM Transactions on Information Systems ISSN number is 1558-2868. It is part of the academic Discipline of Computer Science and abbreviated to ACM Trans. Inf. Syst.
A Long Long Way (followed by the book The Secret Scripture) is written in the English language, which is spoken in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where the language is English and the Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
